the moments of truth can this many
hellhounds defeat Raven
or will Raven destroy me
it's time to find out if this works I
will be destroying an enemy very early
in the game which is a good thing
if you let your opponents expand they
can become quite a nuisance all right
despite the fact that he has
counter-magic on speak to the
description of this drains enemy magic
power by strength of the counter magic
spell five menit points therefore less
effective against texas sequence spells
okay so depending on the spell power can
resist my spells okay
well despite that I think I'm going to
try to summon a fire element and it
actually got through fire elementals are
nice they're only a single creature but
they have immunities and a lot of attack
power well the immunities aren't going
to do me too much good right now but a
lot of attack power I thought they had
fire-breathing but apparently none oh
well it is fire doesn't breathe fire
okay well I guess I'll attack through
the wall fighting through the wall is
kind of painful but its necessary oops I
hit auto I didn't mean to hit auto
that's hit done stop stop you fiend okay
I generally don't like to use auto
battle because I don't think this is an
intelligence but it seemed to do all
right yeah they let the enemy move back
up and take that spot again though
motive light to get past the castle
walls rather than fighting through them
all day that was painful
okay well I have breached the castle
wall now that I'm inside don't think
they have much of a prayer I think it's
over for Raven despite the fact that I
actually screwed up with that auto
battle button I got to be careful of
that auto sands for auto battle who
their heroes are doing pretty well oops
I walked back with the same you guys
walked forward with that's foolish okay
well my tactics aren't exactly perfect
right now but I think I'm gonna pull
through everyone get inside the walls
fighting over castle walls gives you a
penalty and that penalty is well not a
good thing I mean has there ever been a
case where a penalty was a good thing
not exactly oh I was like Baron the
dwarf hello tracks the door and Fritz
Fritz the barbarian who cannot stand up
to a fire elemental and I of course will
conquer a capital city that's very nice
get some fain 600 bucks 2000 people
destroyed and the shrine in the
marketplace oh no poor Raven
Raven has been banished and I get create
artifact and enchant item because he was
an artificer and so now I am essentially
an artificer might as well take a look
at the create artifacts spell or enchant
item enchant items a bit weaker you can
create an artifact for your heroes I
don't have a hero yet and you can
enchant it with various spells like
stoning it's pretty cool or chaos or
things like that and you can make it
cost a lot of mana creating artifacts
takes a very long time and a lot of mana
even a base item with no enchantments
costs a minimum of 50 or even 100 or 300
now unit of hellhounds cost 30 so I'm an
amulet with no enchantments cost more
than hellhounds abort generally speaking
it's not worth it to make artifacts
because heroes die to easily otherwise
heroes become quite powerful but they
can be killed with one simple spell and
so a 30-man a spell can take out a hero
wearing a thousand mana worth of
artifacts which is a very sad thing
generally I don't suggest making
artifacts okay well we took out an
opponent's we've made a good amount of
progress I think it's a good point to
save it oh yes I've got a bunch of
various say is we're just gonna
overwrite this one let's play far it's
one
save and I'm gonna save it again just
because I'm cautious overly cautious
okay well it's good to get back on the
horse uh it's been a long time since i
made a video i forgot to mention i meant
to actually say this at the beginning of
the video but uh yeah I have made videos
a long time and while I have a bunch of
excuses various reasons why I haven't
been making videos well first off my
computer got struck by lightning so I
actually had to rebuild my computer my
replace my motherboard and my power
supply and so I took a little while to
get my computer back together then I was
lazy that's just me taking a while and
then I actually am going back to college
these days so I've been doing that sort
of thing doing my homework and old other
stuff I'm gonna try to make more videos
though than our lease more videos that I
have been but I probably won't be making
them every single day like i like i used
to in the good old days but it depends
on how much free time I have so far our
classes haven't been that bad but we'll
see anyways as usual thanks for watching
master of magic oh yes and I do plan to
get back to the Venus wars eventually
but I decided I'll play this just
because it felt like a good change of
pace and well I felt like it and I
really like this game so uh yeah thanks
for watching and good night what